https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/alero Alero 3 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/astro Astro 2 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/aveo Aveo 56 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/blazer Blazer 14 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/bolt Bolt 49 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/bolt-euv Bolt EUV 7 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/camaro Camaro 53 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/captiva Captiva 68 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/cobalt Cobalt 11 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/corvette Corvette 4 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/cruze Cruze 173 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/epica Epica 14 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/equinox Equinox 562 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/evanda Evanda 3 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/express Express 4 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/kalos Kalos 3 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/lacetti Lacetti 17 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/lanos Lanos 11 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/lumina Lumina 3 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/lumina-apv Lumina APV 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/malibu Malibu 194 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/matiz Matiz 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/monza Monza 4 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/niva Niva 38 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/nubira Nubira 4 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/orlando Orlando 12 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/rezzo Rezzo 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/s-10 S-10 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/silverado Silverado 5 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/sonic Sonic 2 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/spark Spark 17 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/suburban Suburban 7 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/tacuma Tacuma 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/tahoe Tahoe 14 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/tracker Tracker 2 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/trailblazer TrailBlazer 25 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/traverse Traverse 21 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/trax Trax 81 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/venture Venture 1 True
https://cars.av.by/chevrolet/volt Volt 27 True
